[Music]
Ladies and gentleman the time is here the
moment is now another history in the making
another chapter of Jeet ka
Vishwas the uploads of our past
achievements are still ringing in our years
now let's make this season bigger and bolder
winning streak is a part of agile
performance precision
determination as the new day dawns a new journey
is about to unfold and just like an every
race of being fast and
furious now is the time to rev up your engine
well like a pit
crew we lean on each other we edge on each other to
finish another lap another
circuit another
tournament another Grand
Prix so are you ready to be the fastest
to be the furious one to battle with the G
forces to cross the finishing
line to take the chequered
flag to be
invincible be
formal to create a legacy because this is
your
race the race of champions
the race of Jeet ka Vishwas season 13
[Music]